I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you’ll need.
Drinking and lust. No man can match me in these things. I am the god of tits and wine… I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit.
It’s not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy.
In my experience eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
It’s easy to confuse ‘what is’ with ‘what ought to be,’ especially when ‘what is’ has worked out in your favor.
Just because I pay you for your services doesn’t diminish our friendship.
I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things.
The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
It’s hard to put a leash on a dog once you’ve put a crown on its head.
Though I would treasure your friendship, I'm mainly interested in your facility with murder.
Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.
If the day ever comes where you're tempted to sell me out, remember this: Whatever the price, I'll beat it. I like living.
Did I offend you? Sorry. You are the bastard, though.
A Lannister always pays his debts.
When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle naked and in tears. If I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing.
When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle's boots with goat shit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and I escaped justice.
When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake. I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry! Into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did.
Once I brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel...
Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I'm a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated. Gambled and whored. I'm not particularly good at violence, but I'm good at convincing others to do violence for me.
Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort!
You're going to be bigger than the Hound...but much better looking!
I don't like threats.
Threaten me again and I'll have you thrown into the sea!
How long have you been spying for my sister?
I don't like your beard...
I've decided I don't like riddles.
Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed?
I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything and you will tell me.
Let us drink to our understanding.
Oh, you blind, bloody fool!
They're starving, you fool! All because of the war you started!
I'd say you possess above average intelligence...
Why do you care who I fuck?
You've forgotten the most important thing about whores...You don't buy them, you only rent them.
A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid.
You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
What do you want? Tell me.
One Game at a time, my friend.
THOSE ARE BRAVE MEN KNOCKING AT OUR DOOR. LET'S GO KILL THEM!
They say I'm half a man, but what does that make the lot of you?!
I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.
But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me about managing it!
If I had a golden dragon for every time I've heard that stupid joke, I'd be richer than you are.
Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!
Oh, I'm a monster?! Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
...The Northerners will never forget.
You're famous for fucking half of Westeros. You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Then there's really nothing else to say.
I WISH I WAS THE MONSTER YOU THINK I AM!! I WISH I HAD ENOUGH POISON FOR THE WHOLE PACK OF YOU!! I WOULD GLADLY GIVE MY LIFE TO WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!!!
Not you. You're the golden son. You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, you'll always be the golden son.
I sent for you days ago.
You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place.
I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
I think I would have remembered that.
You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
That would have made things so much easier.
Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
It could get you killed. It could get me killed!
Thank the gods.
Oh, get on with it, you son of a whore...
All my life... you've wanted me dead.
I saved you. I saved this city and all your worthless lives! I should've let Stannis kill you all!
I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company.
I should never have told you about that.
I don't even know how much I'm paying you now.
The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable.
I like you.
This one doesn't like me.
It’s even better luck to suck a dwarf’s cock.
What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?
You can’t fuck your way out of everything.
Not this time. We’ll be staying at the finest castles and inns. No one turns away a Lannister.
I remember reading an old sailor's proverb, 'Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off'.
If you’re going to be a cripple, it’s better to be a rich cripple.
Everything’s better with some wine in the belly.
Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn’t seem right.
A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
That’s what I do: I drink and I know things.
Death is so final, whereas life... ah, life is full of possibilities.
Look at the fun we're having!
I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world.
A wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it.
I am Tyrion, son of Tywin of Clan Lannister.
Killing and politics aren't always the same thing.
Trial by combat, deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. It tells you something about the gods.
Dwarf? Mm, you should have stopped at imp. And, yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here.
The Queen is a lost cause, it's the rest of us I'm worried about now.
I would kill for you. Do you know that? I expect I'll have to before this is over. You're mine.
These bad people are what I'm good at. Out-talking them, out-thinking them - it's what I am. And I like it. I like it more than anything I've ever done.
What did you once call me? A drunken little lust-filled beast?
King's Landing can be a nest of vipers to the uninitiated.
I could get essence of nightshade to help you sleep.
Of course it's a joke! Just not a very funny one.
What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.
The future is shit, just like the past.
You're right, no point.
You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother, Joanna Lannister, on the day I was born. I killed my father, Tywin Lannister, with a bolt to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.
I'm here to help. Please don't eat the help.
A wise man once said that the true history of the world is the history of great conversations in elegant rooms.
Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it.
Are you afraid? You should be. You're in the great game now, and the great game's terrifying.
For what it’s worth, I’ve been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyone’s always asking me to believe in things; family, gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting, until I saw where belief got people. So I said 'no thank you' to belief; yet, here I am....I believe in you.
If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it'll be a miracle.
(*SLAP*) One word and I'll hit you again.
The charms of the North seem entirely lost on you.
Where's your sense of wonder?
Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face.